These are all passages from the book American Psycho where Patrick Bateman goes into explicit detail
about what people, including himself, are wearing.

p4
Price is wearing a six-button wool and silk suit by Ermenegildo Zegna, a cotton shirt with French cuffs by Ike Behar, a Ralph Lauren silk tie and leather wing tips by Fratelli Rossetti.

p7
A figure..., wearing a beige double-breasted wool-gabardine Cerruti 1881 suit.

p29
He's wearing a linen suit by Canali Milano, a cotton shirt by Ike Behar, a silk tie by Bill Blass and cap-toed leather lace-ups from Brooks Brothers.

p29
I'm wearing a lightweight linen suit with pleated trousers, a cotton shirt, a dotted silk tie, all by Valentino Couture, and perforated cap-toe leather shoes by Allen-Edmonds.

p29
Van Patten is wearing a double-breasted wool and silk sport coat, button-fly wool and silk trousers with inverted pleats by Mario Valentino, a cotton shirt by Gitman Brothers, a polka-dot silk tie by Bill Blass and leather shoes from Brooks Brothers.

p29
McDermott is wearing a woven-linen suit with pleated trousers, a button-down cotton and linen shirt by Basile, a silk tie by Joseph Abboud and ostrich loafers from Susan Bennis Warren Edwards.

p30
Carruthers is wearing a four-button double-breasted wool suit, I think by Chaps, a striped cotton shirt and a silk bow tie plus horn-rimmed eyeglasses by Oliver Peoples.

p33
Preston is wearing a double-breasted wool suit by Alexander-Julian, a cotton shirt and a silk Perry Ellis tie.

p40
Scott Montgomery... wearing a double-breasted navy blue blazer with mock-tortoiseshell buttons, a pre-washed wrinkled-cotton striped dress shirt with red accent stitching, a red, white and blue fireworks-print silk tie by Hugo Boss and plum washed-wool trousers with a quadruple-pleated front and slashed pockets by Lazo.

p52
The guy is wearing a double-breasted wool tuxedo, a cotton wing-collar shirt by Cerruti 1881 and a black and white checkered silk bow tie from Martin Dingman Neckwear.

p53
Ted Madison... wearing a double-breasted wool tuxedo, a wing-collar cotton shirt from Paul Smith, a bow tie and cummerbund from Rainbow Neckwear, diamond studs from Trianon, patent-leather and grosgrain pumps by Ferrangamo and an antique Hamilton watch from Saks.

p53
Madison is wearing a splendid double-breasted white linen jacket by Hackett of London from Bergdorf Goddman.

p53
A guy standing behind... is wearing a double-breasted shawl-collared tuxedo, a cotton shirt and a silk tartan bow tie, all of it from Polo by Ralph Lauren.

p57
Paul Owen is wearing a six-button double-breasted wool tuxedo

p59
Some guy wearing a shawl-collar, single-breasted wool tuxedo, a cotton shirt with a bow tie, all by Pierre Cardin.

p61
Dibble is wearing a subtly striped double-breasted wool suit by Canali Milano, a cotton shirt by Bill Blass, a mini-glen-plaid woven silk tie by Bill Blass Signature.

p61
I am wearing a mini-houndstooth-check wool suit with pleated trousers by Hugo Boss, a silk tie, also by Hugo Boss, a cotton broadcloth shirt by Joseph Abboud and shoes from Brooks Brothers.

p65
I'm wearing a six-button double-breasted chalk-striped suit by Ralph Lauren with a spread-collar pencil-striped Sea Island cotton shirt with French cuffs, also by Polo.

p70
I was wearing a herringbone wool suit with pleated trousers by Girogio Correggiari, a cotton oxford shirt by Ralph Lauren, a knit tie from Paul Stuart and suede shoes from Cole-Haan.

p73
A wool-crepe suit by Bill Robinson, a cotton jacquard shirt from Charivari and an Armani tie. Or a wool and cashmere sport coat with blue plaid, a cotton shirt and pleated wool trousers by Alexander Julian, with a polka-dot silk tie by Bill Blass.

p76
He's wearing a double-breasted wool jacket and matching trousers by Mario Valentino, a cotton T-shirt by Agnes B. and leather slip-ons (no socks) by Susan Bennis Warren Edwards.

p78
I am wearing a black Armani suit, a white cotton Armani shirt and a silk tie, also by Armani.

p83
Hamlin is wearing a suit by Lubiam, a great-looking striped spread-collor cotton shirt from Burberry, a silk tie by Resikeio and a belt from Ralph Lauren.

p83
Reeves is a wearing a six-button double-breasted suit by Christian Dior, a cotton shirt, a patterned silk tie by Claiborne, perforated cap-toe leather lace-ups by Allen-Edmonds, a cotton handkerchief in his pocket, probably from Brooks Brothers.

p83
I'm wearing a two-button single-breasted chalk-striped wool-flannel suit, a multi-colored candy-striped cotton shirt and a silk pocket square, all by Patrick Aubert, a polka-dot silk tie by Bill Blass and clear prescription eyeglasses with frames by Lafont Paris.

p84
Who's wearing a short of tacky wool jacket in a houndstooth check and an okay-looking shirt, but he also has on a super-looking cashmere tie from Paul Stuart that makes the suit look better than it deserves to.

p85
Trent is wearing a mini-houndstooth-check worsted wool suit with multicolored overplaid.

p90
I am wearing a custom-made tweed jacket, pants and a cotton shirt from the Alan Flusser shop and a silk tie by Paul Stuart.

p92
Scott is wearing a red and purple and black striped cashmere intarsia sweater from Paul Stuart, baggy Ralph Lauren corduroys and Cole-Haan leather moccasins.

p102
I'm wearing a wool tweed suit and a striped cotton shirt, both by Yves Saint Laurent, and a silk tie by Armani and new black cap-toed shoes by Ferragamo.

p103
Luis is wearing a wool plaid sports jacket, wool slacks, a Hugo Boss cotton shirt and paisley tie - slacks, I'm guessing, from Brooks Brothers.

p104
Reed Thompson walks in wearing a wool plaid four-button double-breasted suit and a striped cotton shirt and a silk tie, all Armani, plus slightly tacky blue cotton socks by Interwoven and black Ferragamo cap-toe shoes that look exactly like mine.

p104
Todd Broderick walks in wearing a wool chalk-striped, six-button, double-breasted suit and a striped broadcloth shirt and silk tie, all by Polo, plus an affected linen pocket square that I'm fairly sure is also by Polo.

p105
McDermott walks in wearing a black and white wool houndstooth-check single-breasted suit with notch lapels, a striped cotton dress shirt with spread collar and a silk paisley tie, all of it designed and tailored by John Reyle.

p106
Paul Owen walks in wearing a cashmere one-button sports jacket, tropical wool flannel slacks, a button-down tab-collared shirt by Ronaldus Shamask, and a blue and black and red and yellow bold-striped tie from Andrew Fezza by Zanzarra.

p114
I'm wearing a double-breasted suit, a silk shirt with woven stripes, a patterned silk tie and leather slip-ons, all by Gianni Versace.

p121
I'm wearing a wing-collar jacquard waistcoat by Kilgour, French & Stanbury from Barney's, a silk bow tie from Saks, patent-leather slip-ons by Baker-Benjes, antique diamond studs from Kentshire Galleries and a gray wool silk-lined coat with drop sleeves and a button-down collar by Luciano Soprani.

122
He's wearing a cream-colored wool dinner jacket, wool trousers, a cotton shirt, and a silk glen-plaid cummerbund, all from Hugo Boss, a bow tie from Saks and a pocket square from Paul Stuart.

p132
Armstrong is wearing a four-button double-breasted chalk-striped spread-collar cotton shirt by Christian Dior and a large paisley-patterned silk tie by Givenchy Gentleman.

p132
I'm wearing a nailhead-patterned worsted wool suit with overplaid from DeRigueur by Schoeneman, a cotton broadcloth shirt by Bill Blass, a Macclesfield silk tie by Savoy and a cotton handkerchief by Ashear Bros.

p137
I'm wearing a lamb's wool topcoat, a wool jacket with wool flannel trousers, a cotton shirt, a cashmere V-neck sweater and a silk tie, all from Armani.

p138
Carruthers is wearing a lamb's wool sport coat, a cashmere/vicuna cardigan sweater, cavalry twill trousers, a cotton shirt and a silk tie, all from Hermes.

p143
My clothes - a linen and silk sport coat, a cotton shirt, pleated linen trousers, all by Matsuda, a silk tie with a Matsuda insignia, with a belt from Coach Leatherware.

p150
Van Patten is wearing a glen-plaid wool-crepe suit from Krizia Uomo, a Brooks Brothers shirt, a tie from Adirondack and shoes by Cole-Haan.

McDermott is wearing a lamb's wool and cashmere blazer, worsted wool flannel trousers by Ralph Lauren, a shirt and tie also by Ralph Lauren and shoes from Brooks Brothers.

I'm wearing a tick-weave wool suit with a windowpane overplaid, a cotton shirt by Luciano Barbera, a tie by Luciano Barbera, shoes from Cole-Haan and nonprescription glasses by Bausch & Lomb.

p152
Luis... wearing a cashmere blazer, pleated wool trousers, and a cotton-silk white shirt.

p171
He's wearing a glen-plaid worsted wool suit with notched lapels by Perry Ellis, a cotton broadcloth shirt by Gitman Brothers, a silk tie by Savoy, a chronograph with a crocodile-skin band by Breil, a cotton raincoat by Paul Smith and a fur felt hat by Paul Stuart.

p172
I'm wearing a cashmere topcoat, a double-breasted plaid wool and alpaca sport coat, pleated wool trousers, patterned silk tie, all by Valentino Couture, and leather lace-ups by Allen-Edmonds.

p173
I'm wearing a four-button double-breasted wool and silk suit, a cotton shirt with a button-down collar by Valentino Couture, a patterned silk tie by Armani and cap-toed leather slip-ons by Allen-Edmonds.

p173
Murphy is wearing a six-button double-breasted wool gabardine suit by Courreges, a striped cotton shirt with a tab collar and a foulard-patterned silk-crepe tie, both by Hugo Boss.

p177
Humphrey Rhinebeck is wearing a cashmere chesterfield overcoat by Crombie from Lord & Taylor, a peak-lapeled double-breasted wool tuxedo, a cotton shirt by Perry Ellis, and a bow tie from Hugo Boss.

p188
The guy wearing a double-breasted wool cavalry twill suit, cotton shirt and silk tie, all by Givenchy.

p192
I'm wearing a two-button wool suit with pleated trousers by Luciano Soprani, a cotton shirt by Brooks Brothers and a silk tie by Armani.

McDermott is wearing a wool suit by Lubiam with a linen pocket square by Ashear Bros., a Ralph Lauren cotton shirt and a silk tie by Christian Dior.

p200
He's wearing a suit with pleated trousers and a silk shirt with light gray polka dots by Comme des Garcons Homme.

p206
I'm wearing a two-button linen suit, a cotton shirt, a silk tie and leather wing-tips, all by Armani.

Owen is wearing a double-breasted silk and linen suit, a cotton shirt and a silk tie, all by Joseph Abboud.

p209
A wool six-button double-breasted peak-lapel chalk-striped suit and a wool flannel navy shirt, both from Brooks Brothers.

p212
Charles is wearing a four-button double-breasted linen suit by Redaelli, a cotton broadcloth shirt by Ascot Chang, a patterned silk tie by Eugenio Venanzi and loafers by Brooks Brothers.

I'm wearing a six-button double-breasted chalk-striped wool suit and a patterned silk tie, both by Louis, Boston, and a cotton oxford cloth shirt by Luciano Barbera.

p213
Luis is wearing a wool-crepe suit, a cotton broadcloth shirt and a silk tie, all by Ralph Lauren.

p239
I'm wearing a six-button double-breasted wool-crepe tuxedo with pleated trousers and a silk grosgrain bow tie, all by Valentino.

p272
Robert wore a wool suit by Belvest, a cotton shirt with French cuffs by Charvet, an abstract-patterned silk-crepe tie by Hugo Boss and sunglasses by Ray-Ban.

p297
So far I'm wearing black Armani trousers, a white Armani shirt, a red and black Armani tie.

p318
Some English guy wearing a three-button wool houndstooth suit, a tattersall wool vest, a spread-collar oxford shirt, suede shoes and a silk tie, all by Garrick Anderson.

p348
McDermott is wearing a six-button double-breasted wool suit by Cerruti 1881, a tattersall cotton shirt by Louis, Boston, a silk tie by Dunhill.


I'm wearing a six-button double-breasted wool suit by Ermenegildo Zegna, a striped cotton shirt by Luciano Barbera, a silk tie by Armani, suede wing-tips by Ralph Lauren, socks by E. G. Smith.

p351
I'm wearing a two-button wool gabardine suit with notched lapels by Gian Marco Venturi, cap-toed leather lace-ups by Armani, tie by Polo, socks I'm not sure where from.

p352
He's wearing a six-button double-breasted black sport coat, a white spread-collar cotton shirt, a tie, pocket square, shoes, all by Brooks Brothers.



HERE



p354
He has on a tweed sport jacket, cashmere sweater vest, cotton chambray shirt, tie, Paul Stuart, Agnes B. cotton trench coat draped over arm.

p359
Some guy wearing a one-button viscose, wool and nylon suit by Luciano Soprani, a cotton shirt by Gitman Brothers, a silk tie by Ermenegildo Zegna.

p369
Price is wearing a wool suit by Canali Milano, a cotton shirt by Ike Behar, a silk tie by Bill Blass, cap-toed leather lace-ups from Brooks Brothers.

p371
Harold is wearing a wool suit by Gieves & Hawkes, a silk twill tie, cotton shirt, shoes by Paul Stuart.

p374
Russell was wearing a two-button wool sport coat by Redaelli, a cotton shirt by Hackert, a silk tie by Richel, pleated wool trousers by Krizia Uomo and leather Cole-Haan shoes.

p375
I'm wearing a double-breasted cashmere and wool overcoat by Studio 000.1 from Ferre, a wool suit with pleated trousers by DeRigueur from Schoeneman, a silk tie by Givenchy Gentleman, socks by Interwoven, and shoes by Armani.

p379
McDermott is wearing a cashmere sport coat, wool trousers, a silk tie, Hermes.

Farrell is wearing a cashmere vest, leather shoes, wool cavalry twill trousers, Garrick Anderson.

I'm wearing a wool suit by Armani, shoes by Allen-Edmonds, pocket square by Brooks Brothers.


