So this may be rambling at first but hopefully I'll identify something.

The first thing is to identify the base STRUCTURE of the person's outfit.

What are the separate components? Are these required / optional?

https://thehelmclothing.com/blogs/our-thoughts/all-about-the-wingtip-shoe

So there generally is a property hierarchy here.

At the top you have OUTFIT.

Under this are the individual components, there is an order to each to say how to construct in the sentence,

So you should probably start by just returning the basic components of the outfit, whatever these are.

But the thing is, these individual components could be possibilities within a certain set.

So the first level below OUTFIT is COMPONENT

But what I'm thinking is, the simplest level is the AREA OF THE BODY that the article relates to.

What you want to achieve is the barest hierarchy that, at the lowest level, within each category, you can pick
ONLY ONE of the elements.

For example, within CHEST below, you can't wear a suit and a blazer, because these are both OUTER COAT components.

Also, suit and tuxedo, it's ambiguous if this relates to the suit/trouser combination, or just the suit.

Waistcoat is only available if shirt is chosen.

For "sweater", you can't wear a waistcost if you're wearing a sweater.

You might find other strange combinations of clothing allocated.

BUT thinking about it now, one of the main things you are missing is SITUATION.

Because this in fact completely dictates the choices of outfit?

Is this a hierarchy above the outfit itself?

Or is a hierarchy the correct way of viewing this?

I think there are definitely groups of things like below.

However I think instead that things should be able to INCLUDE or EXCLUDE others.

Everything is CHOSEN, but whether or not it is included in the description is OPTIONAL.

Therefore everything has a probability both of being CHOSEN and of being DESCRIBED

Being DESCRIBED is optional always.

At this point, I'll go with the below, but I will modify in the future
based on style decisions. For example, you probably can't wear loafers with a tuxedo.

Little thing I've picked up, something can be a singular or a plural.

This is at the lower level.


OUTFIT

    EYES (optional)

        Eyeglasses

    WRIST (optional)

        Watch

    ON CHEST (mandatory)

        Shirt
        T-shirt (excluded by Tuxedo, Tuxedo with trousers, Dinner jacket)

    OVER CHEST 1 (optional)

        Waistcoat (included by Shirt)
        Sweater vest (excluded by Tuxedo, Tuxedo w/t, Dinner jacket)
        Sweater (excluded by Tuxedo, Tuxedo w/t, Dinner jacket)

    NECKWEAR (mandatory, included by Shirt)

        Tie
        Bow tie

    OVER CHEST 2 (optional)

        Suit
        Suit with trousers
        Blazer
        Sport coat 
        Tuxedo
        Tuxedo with trousers
        Jacket 
        Dinner jacket

    IN THE POCKET (optional, included by Suit, Suit w/t, Blazer, Sport coat, Tuxedo, Tuxedo w/t,  Jacket, Dinner jacket)

        Handkerchief
        Pocket square

    COAT LAYER 2 (optional)

        Coat
        Topcoat
        Overcoat

    LEGS (mandatory, excluded by Suit with Trousers, Tuxedo with Trousers)

        Trousers
        Corduroys
        Slacks
        
    WAIST (mandatory)

        Belt

    ANKLES (mandatory)

        Socks

    FEET (mandatory)

        Wing tips 
        Lace-ups
        Shoes
        Loafers (excluded by Suit with Trousers, Tuxedo with Trousers)
        Pumps (excluded by Suit with Trousers, Tuxedo with Trousers)
        Moccasins (excluded by Suit with Trousers, Tuxedo with Trousers)
        Slip-ons (excluded by Suit with Trousers, Tuxedo with Trousers)
